There is really a way for the soldiers to pass through
Hey Song Xue
You're crazy, this is because of soldiers
It's deadly here
Song Xue, can't you go?
If you have a handsome and young lady who is three long and two short
Won't let me go
It doesn't matter if you die.
Don't get me involved
What is leading troops to borrow the way is a bluff
Hey.
I said no damn it
Are you fucking hit? I
Sister, what should I do?
Those fumes are poisonous gas
Hovering in the air
Adults who grow tall can easily suffocate
If this lady guessed correctly
It should be the note from the Emperor's Neijing
That is what you call Cui Yimin
That is to say, the child is short
Suck less
So they can survive
So these people are awake?
Exactly.
Can make people in a state of wakefulness
Poisoned to death
Hey, I really don't know how big the hatred is
To be so cruel
Got it.
Now what?
Remember the silver needle I gave you before you came?
Oh.
Here it is.
Self-entry congestion can suspend fainting
Get out of hypnosis